chore: add info re: cached CVMs (#551)
cdr/docs: admin/workspace-management/cvms.md

1. Go to **Manage > Admin > Infrastructure**.
1. Toggle the **Enable Container-Based Virtual Machines** option to **Enable**.

> ### Enabling cached CVMs

Reviewer: It would be good to have an alpha chip here

To improve the startup time for CVM-based workspaces, you can enable

> [`rootfs` caching](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/filesystems/ramfs-rootfs-initramfs.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caching.
```

The doc that you linked is unrelated so I would adding it.

This feature requires

> [the `shiftfs` kernel](https://github.com/linuxkit/linuxkit/tree/master/projects/shiftfs)

Reviewer: this is a relevant link but I don't think it's the actual project so I'd be wary of linking here as well.

> to be present on the node; if desired, you can have Coder auto-load this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be present on the node. Some distributions such as Ubuntu include `shiftfs` as part of their kernel. If you are unsure if `shiftfs` is present on your nodes you can run `modinfo shiftfs`. If no output is returned then you do not have `shiftfs` installed. If you do not wish to install `shiftfs` yourself then you can have Coder automatically install the module for you. It is important that you do not have secure boot enabled if you want Coder to install `shiftfs`.
```

> ![Cached CVMs](../../assets/admin/cached-cvms.png)

Reviewer: Some alpha chips have been added to the feature so I would grab another screenshot.
